[PL-51604] SMP new topic - Reference secrets from a secret manager in Helm overrides (#6932)
harness/developer-hub: docs/self-managed-enterprise-edition/advanced-configurations/reference-secrets-from-a-sm.md

---

> title: Reference secrets from a secret manager in Helm overrides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Reference secrets from an external secret manager in Helm overrides
```

sidebar_label: Reference secrets from a secret manager
description: Harness Self-Managed Enterprise Edition supports the ability to reference external secrets for CCM from a secret manager in Helm overrides.
sidebar_position: 3
---

Harness Self-Managed Enterprise Edition supports the ability to reference secrets for Harness Cloud Cost Management (CCM) from a an external secret manager in your Helm overrides.

### Prerequisites

- Knowledge of [external secret operators](https://external-secrets.io/latest/)

- Installation of an [operator](https://external-secrets.io/latest/introduction/getting-started/)

- A `ClusterSecretStore` or `SecretStore` set up for your secret. For more information, go to [External Secret Spec](https://external-secrets.io/latest/provider/kubernetes/) in the Kubernetes documentation.

- Test creating an `externalSecret` object that can pull the secret and create a Kubernetes object.

### Reference Harness CCM secrets via external secrets

You can add an external secret reference for your Harness CCM secrets to your `overrides.yaml` file.

> For example, the `batch-processing` services uses the `S3_SYNC_CONFIG_ACCESSKEY` secret. Let's say you want reference it from a different provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the `batch-processing` service uses the `S3_SYNC_CONFIG_ACCESSKEY` secret. Let's say you want reference it from a different provider.
```
